hi my name is caterina and i am a very good girl. I have a boyfriend name kilutu he is very good to me and i 
love the way he treats me always

MANCHESTER, England -- Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has done the impossible: gotten Manchester United fans excited 
about the Europa League.By serving notice that he intends to use this competition to blood the latest batch
 of youngsters coming through Carrington, the Norwegian has made these games must watch for supporters keen 
 for a glimpse into the future. Make no mistake, Solskjaer does not want to be playing on Thursday nights, 
 but he is at least prepared to make the most of the opportunity it presents.

 Against FC Astana of Kazakhstan, that meant full debuts for 19-year-olds Angel Gomes and Tahith Chong. Mason 
 Greenwood, 17, and Marcus Rashford, 21, also started in a front four made up entirely of academy graduates 
 with an average age of 19. Another academy product, 21-year-old Axel Tuanzebe, started at centre-back.

It wasn't quite Sir Alex Ferguson throwing in the Class of '92 at Aston Villa in 1995, but it wasn't far off. 
That game ended in a 3-1 defeat at Villa Park but this 1-0 win, narrow as it was, was a far more promising 
gitstart.

It could have been 4-0 after 20 minutes.Europa League group stage: All you need to know Fred, making his first 
start in 148 days, hit the bar from 30 yards after just three minutes. Rashford forced Astana goalkeeper Nenad
 Eric into two point-blank saves and Greenwood flashed a fierce left-footed drive just past the far post.

The visitors had their moments, but more often than not Tuanzebe was there to sweep up the danger with an 
elegance that would have reminded some inside Old Trafford of Rio Ferdinand. Tuanzebe starred for Aston 
Villa on loan last season as they won promotion to the Premier League, and he would have been welcomed back 
in the summer had Solskjaer not made a point of keeping him in Manchester. Chris Smalling -- a title winner 
and capped 31 times by England -- has been allowed to join Roma on loan in order to give Tuanzebe more 
opportunities. Comfortable on the ball, commanding in the air and dangerous from set pieces, he took his chance 
here.

He has work to do to remove one of Harry Maguire or Victor Lindelof from Solskjaer's first-choice XI, but he is
not far away. Lindelof, in particular, cannot afford many more mistakes like the ones that cost goals against
Crystal Palace and Southampton, and that is exactly the way Solskjaer will want it. Young players knocking on 
e door, keeping the senior stars on their toes.

